feat: add EVM option to quickstart & 101 (#359)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/00.zksync-era/10.guides/20.zksync-101/40.upgrading.md

## Setup the project

Make sure to go through the setup provided in the initial [Getting started](/build/start-coding/zksync-101) section.

> You will have downloaded the 101 project through ZKsync CLI `create` and started up a local in-memory node for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will have downloaded the 101 project through ZKsync CLI `create` and started up a local `anvil-zksync` node for development.
```

Author: For EVM option it's using a hardhat node
